we've been on summer vacation for the
last two weeks and a lot happened while
we were gone
the Lakers signed JaVale McGee it was
big that was a big thing they said it
could put them back in title contention
I missed a lot of the news because I was
in the wilderness over the break I was
in the Bob Marshall wilderness in
Montana which is a beautiful place we
wrote in on on horses 30 miles and we
got in boats and fished for a week with
no motorized vehicles no cell service no
Wi-Fi that I didn't know was happening I
knew we wouldn't have cell service I did
not know we wouldn't have Wi-Fi in them
it's hard because when you don't have
Wi-Fi you can't Google anything you have
to actually know things at some point
somebody said what do we do if we run
into a bear so I went reflexively for my
phone and I was like I guess we throw
this at it I don't know all we had our
only communication with the outside
world was a satellite phone which cost
like full like a kia soul a minute to
operate it's expensive so the plan was
to only use it for emergencies but a
couple days into the trip the guy who
had the phone gets a text from my wife
and I was worried you know what's this
about and the text said Donald Trump
just attacked you at a rally and then I
said well what did he say but the guy
with the satellite phone lost the phone
he left the phone on one of our camp
sites so that was all I knew is that I
was attacked so I get home and I
immediately look it up and here's what
it was Jimmy Kimmel would meet me before
the election I'm telling you true story
I don't even think he'd deny it no
talent but I'd go to a studio to do a
shot you know to do a thing he would
stand outside of the sidewalk waiting
for me oh here he comes Donald come over
he opens my door I said does he do this
to everybody to his people he does it
for nobody right
including you I do it for nobody because
that never happened
we all know like even the people who
like the president know he makes things
up but still it's weird to hear him tell
a lie that specifically involves you
cousin you're like we know he's lying
that's not for the record not only was I
not on the sidewalk waiting for him
opening the door to his car I didn't
even go to his dressing room to say
hello before the show I never do in 15
years I probably I don't know I've done
it seven times I like to greet the
guests on stage I feel dumb saying hello
to them and then say hello again ten
minutes later but I digress none of that
actually happened but I'm sure he'll
clear it all up here but he's waiting
for me two or three times I did a show
before this old now I wouldn't do a show
it guy's terrible but I do a show and
he's standing out on Hollywood whatever
Boulevard and he's standing there
opening up the door like going great oh
hello I wasn't president I was like a
guy right
a guy with potential a guy with
potential to ruin everything that is
good in the world
I just want to say not only did I not go
outside to greet him Macomb sir when he
was those or the friggin Celebrity
Apprentice can you imagine me standing
outside waiting for guests on Hollywood
Boulevard you guys have been on
Hollywood Boulevard let's take a look at
Hollywood Boulevard let's send a camera
out there so that's Hollywood Boulevard
our guests don't even come in this way
through the front door they come in the
back from the alley but look at what's
going on
you think the Secret Service would let
the Republican nominee for president
come in this way no I'll tell you what
really happened okay as we see a man
with a snake and fanny pack Superman
throwing around Donald Trump this is
what really happened that night Donald
Trump showed up one night outside our
show banging on the backstage door of
2007 he had a half-finished bucket of
chicken under his arm
and he was screaming that he needed to
use the bathroom but unfortunately there
was someone in the bathroom I believe it
was Zach Braff who was in the bathroom
so Donald took a look around he stuffed
the remainder of the chicken and his
jacket
he dropped his pants he did his business
in the bucket that's true
that story is exactly as true as his was
thanks for watching and remember every
time you click the subscribe button one
of your enemies gets destroyed